1.How to find inverse of matrix using numpy?
import numpy 
Create/ define a square matrix, as only square matrices have inverses.
Use numpy.linalg.inv() to find the inverse.


2. How to find Multiplication of 2 matrices using numpy?
Create/ define 2 matrices and then use 
numpy.dot()    or    numpy.matmul()


3. How to find transpose of matrix using numpy?
Create/ Define a matrix and then use 
numpy.transpose()    or      .T  ( like matrix.T )


4. Define
1. Orthogonal Vectors
Two vectors are orthogonal if their dot product is zero. This means they are perpendicular to each other in space.
2. Orthonormal Vectors
Vectors are orthonormal if they are both orthogonal (perpendicular) and each vector has a magnitude of 1. They form a set of unit vectors that are mutually perpendicular.
3. Eigenvalue & Eigenvector
An eigenvector of a matrix is a non-zero vector that only changes by a scalar factor when that matrix is applied to it. The scalar is called the eigenvalue. Mathematically, for a matrix AAA and a vector vvv, Av=λvA v = \lambda vAv=λv, where λ\lambdaλ is the eigenvalue.
4. Linear Span
The linear span of a set of vectors is the collection of all possible linear combinations of those vectors. It forms a subspace that contains all vectors that can be created by scaling and adding the original vectors.

5. How to compute Eigen value and Eigen vectors using Python?
Create/ Define a matrix and then use numpy.linalg.eig()

6. What is Singular Value Decomposition and its applications?
Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) is a factorization method for matrices in linear algebra. For a given matrix AAA, SVD decomposes it into three matrices:
A=UΣVTA = U \Sigma V^TA=UΣVT
Where:
UUU is an orthogonal matrix (representing the left singular vectors),
Σ\SigmaΣ is a diagonal matrix (containing the singular values),
VTV^TVT is the transpose of an orthogonal matrix (representing the right singular vectors).
Applications: 
Dimensionality Reduction
Text Mining
Solving Linear Systems
Recommendation Systems
Image Compression 
Noise Reduction

7. How to check if the given matrix is diagonalizable or not? (Formula & steps to find)
1) Find the Eigenvalues. 
2) Find the Eigenvectors.
3) Determine the Algebraic and Geometric Multiplicities. 
4) Check Diagonalizability Condition.
 Formula: 
for Eigenvalues (Α-λΙ)=0,
for Eigenvectors (Α-λίⅠ)v=0
